clean up v2 parser docs (#9630)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/parsing.md

:::note <Constant name="core" /> flag

> The v2 parser flag is only applicable on <Constant name="core" /> v1.12 or higher. If you're already on v2, the flag has no impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v2 parser flag is only applies to <Constant name="core" /> v1.12 or higher. If you're already on v2, the flag has no impact.
```
